Create outreachy_proposal (#1)
thecraftman/my_proposal: outreachy_proposal.md

> <hgroup>
> 
> # Outreachy Proposal:
> 
> ## Crowdsourcing Translation for CHAOSS Diversity & Inclusion Badging
> 
> </hgroup>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Outreachy Proposal: Crowdsourcing Translation for CHAOSS Diversity & Inclusion Badging
```

- My bad, let's stick with traditional `markdown` for now, we can explore all those tricks down the road!

![crowdin pricing 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24816990/78518885-958e2f80-77b9-11ea-8ae0-75e4e5cc9138.PNG)

- Organization Plans
  
  ![crowdin pricing 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24816990/78519105-2fee7300-77ba-11ea-9ce8-4953ba600922.PNG)
  
For applicants, the micro personal plan is feasible. 

2.  Translation status and project activity
This will enable translators,reviewers, maintainers and proofreaders to become more efficient in providing better translations.  
Also, through voting, the best translation is chosen collaboratively. 

3. Budget planning
This would enable applicants to manage resources effectively, they can also collaborate with other applicants to avoid excessive budgeting. 

4.  Comments and Issues
Maintainers, reviewers will be able to ask questions, this will be in form of a Pull request comment on the file/repository on CHAOSS Badging. They will also get feedback based on each activity and request for more context if need be.  

## Approach

<!-- This section needs to be redrafted -->

Technologies 
- Languages: YAML 
- Framework: Crowdin
- Platform: Github
- Markup: Markdown for writing documentation 
     

> |Period | Task  |
> |-------| ------------------------------------|
> |        After submission [ April 7 -  May 8]          |-  More contributions to CHAOSS Badging, - Gather more contents about Badging 
> |       [MAY 8 - MAY 31]         | - Discuss with mentors on any changes or feedback -Gather more content about Crowdin workflow - Create framework for guidelines 
> |       [JUNE 1 - JUNE 14]        | -Meet mentors for feedback and act accordingly -Gather repositories for translation -Get more content, guidelines and procedures that needs to be translated 
> |      [ JUNE 15 - JUNE 30]       | -Meet mentors for feedback and make changes -Gather more knowledge about multilingual languages that will be implemented
> |        [JULY 1 - JULY 5]       |  Phase one Evaluation
> |        [JULY 6 - JULY 28]     | Automate workflow on Github -Implement translators -Integrate the Crowdin workflow on github processes -Synchronize schedule configuration -Gather feedback from mentors and act accordingly
> |         [JULY 29 - JULY 31]       | - Phase two evaluation
> |         [AUGUST 1 - AUGUST 16]        | - Start Documenting the workflow -Add/scale more repositories -Fix any issues that might come up 
> |           [AUGUST 17 - AUGUST 25]     | Wrap up Documentation -Ask mentors for feedback
> |           [ AUGUST 26 - AUGUST 31]     | Submit final work report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Period                | Task                                                                                 |
| --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| April 7 - May 8       | More contributions to CHAOSS Badging                                                 |
|                       | Gather more contents about Badging                                                   |
| May 8 - May 31        | Discuss with mentors on any changes or feedback                                      |
|                       | Gather more content about Crowdin workflow                                           |
|                       | Create framework for guidelines                                                      |
| June 1 - June 14      | Meet mentors for feedback and act accordingly                                        |
|                       | Gather repositories for translation                                                  |
|                       | Get more content, guidelines and procedures that needs to be translated              |
| June 15 - June 30     | Meet mentors for feedback and make changes                                           |
|                       | Gather more knowledge about multilingual languages that will be implemented          |
| July 1 - July 5       | Phase one Evaluation                                                                 |
| July 6 - July 28      | Automate workflow on Github                                                          |
|                       | Implement translators                                                                |
|                       | Integrate the Crowdin workflow on github processes                                   |
|                       | Synchronize schedule configuration -Gather feedback from mentors and act accordingly |
| July 29 - July 31     | Phase two evaluation                                                                 |
| August 1 - August 16  | Start Documenting the workflow                                                       |
|                       | Add/scale more repositories                                                          |
|                       | Fix any issues that might come up                                                    |
| August 17 - August 25 | Wrap up Documentation                                                                |
|                       | Ask mentors for feedback                                                             |
| August 26 - August 31 | Submit final work report                                                             |
```

- Markdown tables are not good at their job, treat them with kindness

- Month names use title case (even when abbreviated by the way)

### About me
I am Ore-aruwaji Tola currently in my final year studying Electrical & Information Engineering.  I am a  staunch advocate of Open source technologies. I have been contributing to the CHAOSS D&I Badging project for over 2 months. I have experience in AWS, Devops, python and Linux. 

> ```
> Contributions to CHAOSS D&I Badging
>  https://github.com/badging/diversity-and-inclusion/pull/2
> https://github.com/badging/meta/issues/6
> https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks/blob/master/Microtasks_solution.md
> https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks
> https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks/blob/master/Draft_PR_Event_Badge.md
> 
> My other Open Source contributions
> 
> https://github.com/thecraftman/NAT-Gateway
> https://github.com/thecraftman/Python-REST-APIs
> https://github.com/thecraftman/Tic-Tac-Toe---Python-
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Contributions to the CHAOSS D&I Badging program

- https://github.com/badging/diversity-and-inclusion/pull/2
- https://github.com/badging/meta/issues/6
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks/blob/master/Microtasks_solution.md
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks/blob/master/Draft_PR_Event_Badge.md

#### Contributions to Open Source

- https://github.com/thecraftman/NAT-Gateway
- https://github.com/thecraftman/Python-REST-APIs
- https://github.com/thecraftman/Tic-Tac-Toe---Python-
```

- Markdown Links should only be fenced when they are not intended as hyperlinks.

### Why CHAOSS?
I am very much interested in CHAOSS because i really want to make an impact with an open source community and CHAOSS was my best choice. I want to use my skills to develop methodologies, guidelines about how Badging can be accessible to all participants for their projects and events.  CHAOSS D&I mentors have really been helpful making me understand how badging works and the methods involved. It is an honour to work with them.

### Availability 
I will be available full time, 40 hours a week. I will be in contact with the mentors if there are any changes that will take place.  I plan to communicate with the mentors through Zoom calls and Emails.  

> ### For more information, send an email to temitopetola@gmail.com
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please email temitopetola@gmail.com.
```

- Not a heading :)

| July 29 - July 31     | Phase two evaluation                                                                 |
| August 1 - August 16  | Start Documenting the workflow                                                       |
|                       | Add/scale more repositories                                                          |
|                       | Fix any issues that might come up                                                    |
| August 17 - August 25 | Wrap up Documentation                                                                |
|                       | Ask mentors for feedback                                                             |
| August 26 - August 31 | Submit final work report                                                             |

### About me
I am Ore-aruwaji Tola currently in my final year studying Electrical & Information Engineering.  I am a  staunch advocate of Open source technologies. I have been contributing to the CHAOSS D&I Badging project for over 2 months. I have experience in AWS, Devops, python and Linux. 

> #### Contributions to the CHAOSS D&I Badging program

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Contributions to the CHAOSS D&I Badging program
```

- Correcting to match above changes

- https://github.com/badging/diversity-and-inclusion/pull/2
- https://github.com/badging/meta/issues/6
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks/blob/master/Microtasks_solution.md
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks/blob/master/Draft_PR_Event_Badge.md

> #### Contributions to Open Source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Contributions to Open Source
```

- Correcting to match above changes

- https://github.com/thecraftman/NAT-Gateway
- https://github.com/thecraftman/Python-REST-APIs
- https://github.com/thecraftman/Tic-Tac-Toe---Python-

### Why CHAOSS?
I am very much interested in CHAOSS because i really want to make an impact with an open source community and CHAOSS was my best choice. I want to use my skills to develop methodologies, guidelines about how Badging can be accessible to all participants for their projects and events.  CHAOSS D&I mentors have really been helpful making me understand how badging works and the methods involved. It is an honour to work with them.

### Availability 
I will be available full time, 40 hours a week. I will be in contact with the mentors if there are any changes that will take place.  I plan to communicate with the mentors through Zoom calls and Emails.  

> ### For more information, send an email to temitopetola@gmail.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please email temitopetola@gmail.com.
```

- Not a heading!

   
   In this case, the future branches that contain this word at the end of the title will be added to the repo (https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/#connecting-github-with-crowdin).

2. Selecting Content for Synchronization

   Specification of source files needs to be translated before the integration can work. Crowdin will provide a framework for translated files in the repository.

   I will create a configuration file using the yaml format, this would be stored in the Github repository with each separate branch that needs to be translated. Through this synchronization, Crowdin will be able to know what files exactly that should be sent for translations.

3. Synchronization Schedule

   After synchronizing the content, all related source texts are stored in the same place in the github section; a time interval is needed so that the synchronization can be done instantly. 

4. Checking the Status of Synchronization

   Once the integration is set up, all the related source texts are stored in the same place – Projects, Integrations, GitHub section. 

> Technologies 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Technologies:**

```

## Approach

Workflow Automation using Crowdin & Github 
(https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/#connecting-github-with-crowdin)

The platform that is currently used for CHAOSS Badging is github. Integration with GitHub makes source and translation files synchronized with the GitHub repository and Crowdin translation project, where "translated and approved files will be automatically pushed as a pull request" back to GitHub (https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/).

**Github integration with Crowdin is divided into four parts:**

1. Connecting GitHub with Crowdin

   Github accounts will be linked with Crowdin, your accounts can be a personal account or an Enterprise account for integration. 

   The integration process setup will be linked with the repositories and branches that should be translated. Crowdin sends the pull requests from the branches that have been translated to the version system.

   For every branch that is under localization, Crowdin creates additional service branches with translations. Commits will not go directly to the master branch, so that we can verify if it’s the right translation that happened.

>    Features will be added from branches  to Crowdin automatically, creating a pattern for the branch names. The branch name will follow a certain pattern that  will be automatically added to Crowdin. For example, you add a pattern *feature in the GitHub integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Features will be added from branches  to Crowdin automatically, creating a pattern for the branch names. The branch name will follow a certain pattern that  will be automatically added to Crowdin. For example, you add a pattern feature in the GitHub integration.
```

2. Selecting Content for Synchronization

   Specification of source files needs to be translated before the integration can work. Crowdin will provide a framework for translated files in the repository.

   I will create a configuration file using the yaml format, this would be stored in the Github repository with each separate branch that needs to be translated. Through this synchronization, Crowdin will be able to know what files exactly that should be sent for translations.

3. Synchronization Schedule

   After synchronizing the content, all related source texts are stored in the same place in the github section; a time interval is needed so that the synchronization can be done instantly. 

4. Checking the Status of Synchronization

   Once the integration is set up, all the related source texts are stored in the same place – Projects, Integrations, GitHub section. 

**Technologies:**

- Languages: YAML 
- Framework: Crowdin
- Platform: Github
- Markup: Markdown for writing documentation 
     

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Timeline
```

## Approach

Workflow Automation using Crowdin & Github 
(https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/#connecting-github-with-crowdin)

The platform that is currently used for CHAOSS Badging is github. Integration with GitHub makes source and translation files synchronized with the GitHub repository and Crowdin translation project, where "translated and approved files will be automatically pushed as a pull request" back to GitHub (https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/).

**Github integration with Crowdin is divided into four parts:**

1. Connecting GitHub with Crowdin

   Github accounts will be linked with Crowdin, your accounts can be a personal account or an Enterprise account for integration. 

   The integration process setup will be linked with the repositories and branches that should be translated. Crowdin sends the pull requests from the branches that have been translated to the version system.

   For every branch that is under localization, Crowdin creates additional service branches with translations. Commits will not go directly to the master branch, so that we can verify if it’s the right translation that happened.

>    - Features will be added from branches  to Crowdin automatically, creating a pattern for the branch names. The branch name will follow a certain pattern that  will be automatically added to Crowdin.
> 
>    - For example, you add a pattern *feature in the GitHub integration. 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Features will be added from branches  to Crowdin automatically, creating a pattern for the branch names. The branch name will follow a certain pattern that  will be automatically added to Crowdin. For example, you add a pattern *feature in the GitHub integration.
   
```

> ### Github integration with Crowdin is divided into four parts 
> 
> 1. Connecting GitHub with Crowdin
> Github accounts will be linked with Crowdin, your accounts can be a personal account or an Enterprise account for integration.
> The integration process setup will be linked with the repositories and branches that should be translated. 
>  Crowdin sends the pull requests from the branches that have been translated to the version system.
> 
> For every branch that is under localization, Crowdin creates additional service branches with translations. Commits will not go directly to the master branch, so that we can verify if it’s the right translation that happened.
> 
> 
> Branches to Sync Automatically
>  - Features will be added from branches  to Crowdin automatically, creating a pattern for the branch names. The branch name will follow a certain pattern that  will be automatically added to Crowdin.
>  
> - For example, you add a pattern *feature in the GitHub integration. 
> In this case, the future branches that contain this word at the end of the title will be added to the repo. 
> (“https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/#connecting-github-with-crowdin”)
> 
> 2. Selecting Content for Synchronization
> Specification of source files needs to be translated before the integration can work. Crowdin will provide a framework for translated files in the repository. 
> 
> I will create a configuration file using the yaml format, this would be stored in the Github repository with each separate branch that needs to be translated. 
> Through this synchronization, Crowdin will be able to know what files exactly that should be sent for translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Github integration with Crowdin is divided into four parts:**

1. Connecting GitHub with Crowdin

   Github accounts will be linked with Crowdin, your accounts can be a personal account or an Enterprise account for integration. 

   The integration process setup will be linked with the repositories and branches that should be translated. Crowdin sends the pull requests from the branches that have been translated to the version system.

   For every branch that is under localization, Crowdin creates additional service branches with translations. Commits will not go directly to the master branch, so that we can verify if it’s the right translation that happened.

   - Features will be added from branches  to Crowdin automatically, creating a pattern for the branch names. The branch name will follow a certain pattern that  will be automatically added to Crowdin.

   - For example, you add a pattern *feature in the GitHub integration. 

   In this case, the future branches that contain this word at the end of the title will be added to the repo (https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/#connecting-github-with-crowdin).

2. Selecting Content for Synchronization

   Specification of source files needs to be translated before the integration can work. Crowdin will provide a framework for translated files in the repository.

   I will create a configuration file using the yaml format, this would be stored in the Github repository with each separate branch that needs to be translated. Through this synchronization, Crowdin will be able to know what files exactly that should be sent for translations.
```

> 3. Synchronization Schedule
> After synchronizing the content, all related source texts are stored in the same place in the github section; a time interval is needed so that the synchronization can be done instantly. 
> 
> 4. Checking the Status of Synchronization
> Once the integration is set up, all the related source texts are stored in the same place – Projects, Integrations, GitHub section. 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Synchronization Schedule

   After synchronizing the content, all related source texts are stored in the same place in the github section; a time interval is needed so that the synchronization can be done instantly. 

4. Checking the Status of Synchronization

   Once the integration is set up, all the related source texts are stored in the same place – Projects, Integrations, GitHub section. 
```

The documentation will have a summary of the guidelines and methods involved for applicants and reviewers.

## Expected results 

After the integration of the workflow; 

1.  Translation status and project activity 
The implementation of this will enable translators,reviewers, maintainers and proofreaders to become more efficient in providing better translations.  
Also, through voting, the best translation is chosen collaboratively. 

2.  Comments and Issues
Maintainers, reviewers will be able to ask questions, this will be in the form of a Pull request template. comments on the file/repository will be made on  CHAOSS Badging. They will also get feedback based on each activity, and request for more context if need be.

3.  Multilingual source texts
Accessibility of the badging source texts will be made available in different languages.

## Approach

Workflow Automation using Crowdin & Github 
(https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/#connecting-github-with-crowdin)

> #### The platform that is currently used for CHAOSS Badging is github. Integration with GitHub makes source and translation files synchronized with the GitHub repository and Crowdin translation project. All translated and approved files will be automatically pushed as a pull request to the master branch in GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The platform that is currently used for CHAOSS Badging is github. Integration with GitHub makes source and translation files synchronized with the GitHub repository and Crowdin translation project, where "translated and approved files will be automatically pushed as a pull request" back to GitHub (https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/).
```

- Paraphrasing with citation.

- Not a heading!

 
- For example, you add a pattern *feature in the GitHub integration. 
In this case, the future branches that contain this word at the end of the title will be added to the repo. 
(“https://support.crowdin.com/github-integration/#connecting-github-with-crowdin”)

2. Selecting Content for Synchronization
Specification of source files needs to be translated before the integration can work. Crowdin will provide a framework for translated files in the repository. 

I will create a configuration file using the yaml format, this would be stored in the Github repository with each separate branch that needs to be translated. 
Through this synchronization, Crowdin will be able to know what files exactly that should be sent for translations.

3. Synchronization Schedule
After synchronizing the content, all related source texts are stored in the same place in the github section; a time interval is needed so that the synchronization can be done instantly. 

4. Checking the Status of Synchronization
Once the integration is set up, all the related source texts are stored in the same place – Projects, Integrations, GitHub section. 

> <!-- This section needs to be redrafted -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- Was not meant to be committed.

- https://github.com/badging/diversity-and-inclusion/pull/2
- https://github.com/badging/meta/issues/6
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks/blob/master/Microtasks_solution.md
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks
- https://github.com/thecraftman/CHAOSS-microtasks/blob/master/Draft_PR_Event_Badge.md

### Contributions to Open Source

- https://github.com/thecraftman/NAT-Gateway
- https://github.com/thecraftman/Python-REST-APIs
- https://github.com/thecraftman/Tic-Tac-Toe---Python-

### Why CHAOSS?
I am very much interested in CHAOSS because i really want to make an impact with an open source community and CHAOSS was my best choice. I want to use my skills to develop methodologies, guidelines about how Badging can be accessible to all participants for their projects and events.  CHAOSS D&I mentors have really been helpful making me understand how badging works and the methods involved. It is an honour to work with them.

### Availability 
I will be available full time, 40 hours a week. I will be in contact with the mentors if there are any changes that will take place.  I plan to communicate with the mentors through Zoom calls and Emails.  

> ### For more information, please send an email to temitopetola@gmail.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, please email temitopetola@gmail.com.

```

- Not a heading

- End of file line-break

### Ore-Aruwaji Oloruntola
### temitopetola@gmail.com
### Port-harcourt , Rivers state, Nigeria
### Timezone: Nigeria Standard Time WAT (UTC +1)

# Build Workflow Process for CHAOSS Diversity & Inclusion Badging

> ## Outreachy project Proposal for CHAOSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<hgroup>

# Outreachy Proposal:

## Crowdsourcing Translation for CHAOSS Diversity & Inclusion Badging

</hgroup>

> Ore-Aruwaji Oloruntola
> Landmark University Omu-aran
> Kwara, Nigeria
>
> [GitHub](https://github.com/thecraftman) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oloruntola-ore-aruwaji-5a332314a/)
```

- The first bit and the [one below](https://github.com/thecraftman/my_proposal/pull/1/files#diff-c01bfc27ae111ed2225ba26c710fba39R12-R21) are redundant.
- Markdown headings provide semantic structure in documents, not to be used for aesthetics.

  > **Note** — Subtitles in `html` can leverage the [`<hgroup>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/hgroup) tag that would allow screen-readers in supporting web browsers to distinguish enclosed `<h1>`, `<h2>`… etc, elements as contextual parts of a single `<h1>` heading, where all the following `<h2>` elements will would logically contribute to the overall structure of the implicit [`<article>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/article) element.

  Also worth mentioning, aesthetic headings can be fair game in comments and other fragments when they are needed, provided they are not clashing with other "structural" headings in the same fragment.

  We'll talk more about this in depth as it directly relates to the work proposed.

```
Personal Details and contact Information
GitHub username: [thecraftman](https://github.com/thecraftman)
Email: temitopetola@gmail.com
University: Landmark University Omu-aran, Kwara, Nigeria.
Time-zone: Nigeria WAT (UTC +1)
Address: 2 temple Ejekwu close, Artillery, Port-harcourt, Nigeria
IRC nick: temitopetola
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oloruntola-ore-aruwaji-5a332314a/)
```

> ## Synopsis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Synopsis
```

- This bit and the [one above](https://github.com/thecraftman/my_proposal/pull/1/files#diff-c01bfc27ae111ed2225ba26c710fba39R2-R5) are redundant.

  > **Caution**: This document will be in the public domain, and so it is important to not include personal details that can be misappropriated by spamming or worse.

This project aims to make the process for obtaining badges for events & projects multilingual. 
Based on CHAOSS D&I standards, integration of multiple languages will help streamline the Badging process to be more simplified and flexible thereby making the process quick and easy-to-follow. 

The repositories for the CHAOSS Badging can be found on github [here](https://github.com/badging).

The mentors for my project are [Matt snell](https://github.com/Nebrethar), [Matt Germonprez](https://github.com/germonprez), [Saleh Abdel Motaal](https://github.com/smotaal). 

## Benefits to the community 

> A lot of texts, documentation are written in languages which people don't understand. They find it difficult to communicate the problem they are having because they don't understand the native language in which it was implemented. This project will automate source content updates for translation into different languages thereby obtaining your badges in several languages at once. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A lot of texts, documentation are written in languages which people don't understand. They find it difficult to communicate the problem they are having because they don't understand the native language in which it was implemented. This project will "automate source content updates for translation" into different languages (https://crowdin.com/features). This would afford applicants translated documentation to better assist them navigate the process. It would also make it possible to render viewer-based localizations for badges.
```

- Translation in badging does more than localized badges 🎉

- It helps to limit referenced statements to short sentences to avoid confusion with overlapping citations.

- In-line citations are usually appended before the `.` of the sentence they are referenced.

## Current status of the project 

> The CHAOSS Badging project is made up of five repositories, a submission template for badging, Documentation about the Badging project, issues based on D&I badging, source texts `.md` about the event and project guidelines.  [https://github.com/badging](https://github.com/badging)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CHAOSS Badging project is made up of five repositories, a submission template for badging, Documentation about the Badging project, issues based on D&I badging, source texts `.md` about the event and project guidelines (https://github.com/badging).
```

- GitHub will automatically link valid-looking URLs, eliminating the accidental mismatch when between the explicit `[…]` and `(…)` parts.

- In-line citations are usually appended before the `.` of the sentence they are referenced.

## Goal 
Build a Collaborative translation process

> This process will handle both the projects and events documentation translation based on the applicants choice from different regions, who are interested in obtaining D&I Badging. This process will validate the synchronization of source text and translated content to ensure flexibility with integrated tools. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process will handle both the projects and events documentation translation based on the applicants choice from different regions, who are interested in obtaining D&I Badging. This process will validate "the synchronization of source text and translated content to ensure" flexibility with integrated tools (https://crowdin.com/teams/engineering).
```

- References should use `"` to quoted text.
- In-line citations are usually appended before the `.` of the sentence they are referenced.

## Deliverables 

> Deliverable 1: Bring all content together 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deliverable 1: Bring all content together
```

- Markdown heading necessary for structure.

> Identify and localize contents for translation written in the markdown format in a single repository on Github, this will enable an ideal structure that will be implemented. This model will give the maintainers, reviewers and applicants a way to discuss which contents, documentation needs to be translated, ask questions about the D&I badging translation, and also request more content. 

Reviewer: - This is a tentative deliverable which approximates things well enough for now.
  > **Consideration** — Actual deliverable can evolve as expected to involve Crowdin.

> Deliverable 2:  Integrate the workflow using Crowdin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deliverable 2:  Integrate the workflow using Crowdin
```

- Markdown heading necessary for structure.

After the first deliverable, the workflow needs to be automated using Crowdin. Crowdin is a translation and localization management platform that will integrate the development processes of badging from the repository  into deployable translations on github that will be ready for publication. (https://crowdin.com/features) 

> This automation keeps the source content up to date for translating, and previously-translated content is returned automatically. (https://crowdin.com/teams/engineering)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the first deliverable, the workflow needs to be automated using Crowdin. Crowdin is a translation and localization management platform that will integrate the development processes of badging from the repository  into deployable translations on github that will be ready for publication (https://crowdin.com/features).

This automation keeps the source content "up to date for translating […], and previously-translated content is returned automatically" (https://crowdin.com/teams/engineering).
```

- In-line citations are usually appended before the `.` of the sentence they are referenced.

- References should use `"` to quoted text.

- Quoting should use `[…]` to indicate omissions (`…`) or augmentations.

- This is a tentative deliverable which approximates things well enough for now.
  > **Consideration** — Actual deliverable can evolve as expected to include [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)… etc.

> Deliverable 3: Document/Scale more repositories 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deliverable 3: Document/Scale more repositories 
```

- Markdown heading necessary for structure.

After deliverable two, it is important to scale more repositories that will have multilingual documentation for a seamless user experience, this helps applicants to get their project/event badge in several languages at once especially in their own specified language. 

> The documentation will have a summary of the guidelines and methods involved for applicants and reviewers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deliverable two, it is important to scale more repositories that will have multilingual documentation for a seamless user experience, this helps applicants to get their project/event badge in several languages at once especially in their own specified language. 

The documentation will have a summary of the guidelines and methods involved for applicants and reviewers.
```

- Markdown needs 2 line-breaks between two blocks (paragraphs, headings, lists, tables, `html` open and close tags… etc), and only uses single line-breaks between list items and in `>` blockquotes.

- This is a tentative deliverable which approximates things well enough for now.
  > **Consideration** — Actual deliverable can evolve as expected to include [D&I Bot](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YPAlVUhUZG6Gc4k8l5zxZz6gWoHAG-UsLlGEOiQkvGE/edit?pli=1#heading=h.sda3ts850g1w) and parallel work.

## Expected results 

Part one

To achieve this workflow;

1. Crowdin pricing; The pricing for Crowdin can be classified into 
   - Personal plans (https://crowdin.com/pricing#annual)
![crowdin pricing 1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24816990/78518885-958e2f80-77b9-11ea-8ae0-75e4e5cc9138.PNG)

- Organization Plans
  
  ![crowdin pricing 2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24816990/78519105-2fee7300-77ba-11ea-9ce8-4953ba600922.PNG)
  
For applicants, the micro personal plan is feasible. 

2.  Translation status and project activity
This will enable translators,reviewers, maintainers and proofreaders to become more efficient in providing better translations.  
Also, through voting, the best translation is chosen collaboratively. 

3. Budget planning
This would enable applicants to manage resources effectively, they can also collaborate with other applicants to avoid excessive budgeting. 

4.  Comments and Issues

> Maintainers, reviewers will be able to ask questions, this will be in form of a Pull request comment on the file/repository on CHAOSS Badging. They will also get feedback based on each activity and request for more context if need be.  

Reviewer: - This section needs to be revised, where expected results would look something like this:

  ```markdown
  - Upon completion of the MVP, all documentation and badging source text would be localizable to two or more languages, including Plain English.
  ```

  > **Note** — This is merely an example!

- Markdown is very particular about leading whitespace (aka insets), ie the spaces in the start of a line relative to the line before it will allow it to properly indent lists and other blocks.

  I highly recommend using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with [Yu Zhang's Markdown All in One](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=yzhang.markdown-all-in-one) extension.

  As you can see from my `markdown` comments, I am using lists and inset things so they are neatly indented.

  It also helps to use [prettier](https://prettier.io/), and we will get to that down the road.

- Crowdin offers [free services for open-source](https://crowdin.com/page/open-source-project-setup-request) and so the pricing figures are a little premature and noisy to include.

  > **Note** — Since we will be exploring pricing, we can only presume it will be free, and indicate that we will explore first-hand the pricing model in more depth, ie expected deliverable would include if/when there are hidden costs involved.

We will configure it manually by creating a configuration file 
Creating Configuration File
Configuration file crowdin.yaml should be stored in the GitHub repository along with each separate branch that you want to translate, so Crowdin knows what files exactly should be sent for translations.
It should have the same structure as required for Synchronization Tool

Synchronization Schedule
To configure the synchronization schedule – click Edit and choose the update interval.

![16](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24816990/78523008-451dce80-77c7-11ea-913b-0c1d990b41d9.PNG)

Checking the Status of Synchronization
Once the integration is set up, all the related information is stored in the same place – Project Settings, Integrations tab, GitHub section.
By default, synchronization is processed every 10 minutes automatically. If there's a need to launch it instantly – click Sync Now.

> ![17](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/24816990/78523078-831af280-77c7-11ea-9b2e-6a039b3931ea.PNG)

Reviewer: - This section needs to be revised, this is all a little premature, a lot of what you are including, while insightful, is what this proposed groundwork effort will yield imho.

- Extraneous "filler" text should be avoided.
  > **Caution** — Eager writing creates noise and sometimes the lack of clarity can lead to "filler" text borrowed from elsewhere in our attempt to close gaps.

- Screenshots are out of context here, the approach itself involves creating the respective documation and so it does not need to be addressed in the proposal.
  > **Suggestion** — Save the this text for later work and do not worry if things are short and sweet.

Technologies 
- Languages: YAML 
- Framework: Crowdin
- Platform: Github
- Markup: Markdown for writing documentation 
  

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Markup: Markdown for writing documentation 

```

- Markdown uses a single line-break at the end of the file.

<hgroup>

# Outreachy Proposal:

## Crowdsourcing Translation for CHAOSS Diversity & Inclusion Badging

</hgroup>

> > Ore-Aruwaji Oloruntola
> > Landmark University Omu-aran
> > Kwara, Nigeria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Ore-Aruwaji Oloruntola
>
> Landmark University Omu-aran
>
> Kwara, Nigeria
```

- Safer to always use 2 line-breaks, apparently GitHub will switch between 1 and 2 line-breaks in `<blockquotes>` depending on where they are used (see [Rich Diff](https://github.com/thecraftman/my_proposal/pull/1/files?short_path=c01bfc2#diff-c01bfc27ae111ed2225ba26c710fba39)).

|                       | Implement translators                                                                |
|                       | Integrate the Crowdin workflow on github processes                                   |
|                       | Synchronize schedule configuration -Gather feedback from mentors and act accordingly |
| July 29 - July 31     | Phase two evaluation                                                                 |
| August 1 - August 16  | Start Documenting the workflow                                                       |
|                       | Add/scale more repositories                                                          |
|                       | Fix any issues that might come up                                                    |
| August 17 - August 25 | Wrap up Documentation                                                                |
|                       | Ask mentors for feedback                                                             |
| August 26 - August 31 | Submit final work report                                                             |

> ### About me

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## About me

```

- Starts its own section, it does not fall under Approach

- Markdown headings and other blocks should be separated by a blank line (ie 2 line-breaks).
